NOTES.md, before:

# make floor selection more variable

when on lower floor, should be above 0
when on higher floor, should be below 16

# add scoring system

gain 1 point per floor
combo gives multiplier every 3 floors
display score in between floors
have difficulty increase as score goes up
elevator options, should only have 2 options at first, goes up as score increases

# need menu

display score at end of game
just fade light to dark
light should flicker randomly
button animations

# add "sequence" puzzle (difficulty adds more options)

sequence: The player is given a sequence of numbers and must determine the next number in the sequence. sequence gets more complicated based on difficulty

# need gameover animation: red eyes in the dark?

# add music

creepy elevator music?

# add sounds

rumble when elevator is moving + audio
button press in out sound
correct/incorrect answer sound
door close/open
sound when swapping perspective
game over sounds

## add more types of puzzles

# word: show player a list of words then ask them a numeric question about it. Ie, how many vowels does the shortest word have. How many letters in the longest word

# add speed: press the buttons in order smallest to largest/vice versa, select only the odd/even numbers

# add "what floor are you on?" puzzle (difficulty adds more options)

# add count: player is shown a set of emojis rendered randomly, must select whichever there is more of

# ratios: The player must solve problems involving ratios and propor

such as "If 2 apples cost 5 coins, how many coins for 7 apples?"

memory: Numbers appear in a grid in the same shape as the elevator buttons. The buttons will be blank and the player must press them in order smallest to largest
grid sums: The player is given a grid with numbers, and they must find the sum of numbers in specific rows, columns, or diagonals.
audio based puzzle: count the number of beeps?

Commit message:

make floor selection more variable

NOTES.md, after:

# add scoring system

gain 1 point per floor
display score in between floors
have difficulty increase as score goes up
elevator options, should only have 2 options at first, goes up as score increases
if score is lower, low level number is more likely, then high/deadly as it increases

# need menu

display score at end of game
just fade light to dark
light should flicker randomly
button animations

# add "sequence" puzzle (difficulty adds more options)

sequence: The player is given a sequence of numbers and must determine the next number in the sequence. sequence gets more complicated based on difficulty

# need gameover animation: red eyes in the dark?

combo gives multiplier every 3 floors

# add music

creepy elevator music?

# add sounds

rumble when elevator is moving + audio
button press in out sound
correct/incorrect answer sound
door close/open
sound when swapping perspective
game over sounds

## add more types of puzzles

# word: show player a list of words then ask them a numeric question about it. Ie, how many vowels does the shortest word have. How many letters in the longest word

# add speed: press the buttons in order smallest to largest/vice versa, select only the odd/even numbers

# add "what floor are you on?" puzzle (difficulty adds more options)

# add count: player is shown a set of emojis rendered randomly, must select whichever there is more of

# ratios: The player must solve problems involving ratios and propor

such as "If 2 apples cost 5 coins, how many coins for 7 apples?"

memory: Numbers appear in a grid in the same shape as the elevator buttons. The buttons will be blank and the player must press them in order smallest to largest
grid sums: The player is given a grid with numbers, and they must find the sum of numbers in specific rows, columns, or diagonals.
audio based puzzle: count the number of beeps?
